[tense music playing]
- [man] State your name.
- Peter Sutherland.
[man] Did you know that these individuals
were foreign agents?
No, not then.
- Hey, were you followed?
- No.
But the mission is on alert
after what happened last night.
They're saying you broke
one of the guard's collarbones.
I found this on the banister.
She works with me.
I'll make sure she gets it.
- The photos Rose took, you have them?
- I didn't bring them.
We have to know what's in those documents.
If those documents
are as important as you say,
get my family out of Iran.
[both grunting]
[in Farsi] Stay back.
[Azita in Farsi] Let's go!
[officers grunting]
[Azita] Farhad.
[in Farsi] I'm going back...
[in Farsi] Just put the gun down, Farhad.
[Azita shrieking]
Farhad!
[sobbing] You killed my son!
- [phone ringing]
- Yeah.
[Sami] Things went bad.
The... the brother took a shot at me.
I... I had to shoot him.
[sighing] He's dead.
[somber music playing]
Understood.
Are they safe?
[receiver clicking]
Yeah. Yeah, they're safe.
- [dramatic music playing]
- [Noor gasping]
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
[birds chirping]
[music fades]
[man] Catherine.
Catherine.
- Cat.
- [Catherine inhaling]
[Catherine groaning]
- Anything?
- [man] Nothing.
Maybe he slipped out while we were doing
a shift change and ditched the car?
Anton Sidorov is an SVR agent
with a decade
of countersurveillance experience.
He wants you to second-guess yourself.
It's a game of patience.
And you're losing, kid.
[tense music playing]
[Catherine groaning]
[man muttering]
If you're praying to the big man,
he's clearly not listening.
You wanna try your hand? Be my guest.
[contemplative music playing]
- [crickets chirping]
- [door opening]
[door closing]
Noah, wake up. It's Anton.
[Noah exhaling]
- [car starts]
- [Catherine] He's leaving.
[Noah] Come on. Let's go.
[drill whirring]
[screw clicking]
Noah?
There's two unmade beds here.
I don't think Anton's alone.
[both grunting, straining]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Noah grunting]
[Catherine] Noah!
- [timer chiming]
- [Catherine gasping]
[Catherine grunting]
[man exclaiming]
[both grunting]
[both straining]
[Catherine gasping]
[Catherine choking]
[man screaming, groaning]
[Catherine breathing heavily]
[man grunting]
[Catherine huffing, coughing]
[gun cocking]
[Catherine breathing hoarsely]
Night Action! Night Action!
[music fades]
[knocking on door]
[door opening]
- You asked to see me, sir.
- I did. Come on in.
His name's Yuri Abramov.
He's confessing? To what?
His partner, your original target,
Anton's whereabouts.
The Pentagon breach.
Their man inside, how often they met.
Payment scheme, all of it.
How'd we break him in two days?
Well, on top of having
a shithead for a son,
Yuri's poor mom
suffers from a rare blood cancer.
We promised to get her treatment
and get the prison doc
to fit him with a glass eye.
I just thought you should know
that Noah's loss...
[breathing deeply]
...wasn't for nothin'.
I'd like you to start building a file
on Yuri's FBI mole.
I... I don't think I should.
This wasn't your fault, Catherine.
[Catherine] I think that you should
give it to one of your other agents.
One that didn't survive off of sheer luck.
Ninety-nine out of 100 times,
that behemoth squashes you like a roach.
Yet you picked the one scenario
where you survive,
bring him in, and we break the case open.
That wasn't luck.
I've already lost one good agent.
I'd rather not lose another.
[dramatic music playing]
Yuri's FBI mole?
What's his name?
[Jamie] Peter Sutherland.
[opening theme music playing]
[Noor] So, what next?
Your mother and brother,
they'll change planes in Istanbul
and Paris to obscure the trail.
They'll arrive in New York tomorrow night.
So, what about me?
What should I do until then?
Once you give us the photos, we'll arrange
for you to move to a safe house
outside the Iranian mission's
restricted zone.
So I just walk away now?
Unless that's a problem?
No, it is just happening so fast.
It's almost over.
[cell phone vibrating]
Is everything okay?
It's work.
Probably Haleh asking where I am.
I was supposed to be back
from the doctor 20 minutes ago.
- I'm going to call back.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
[door opening]
[tense music playing]
[Catherine sighing]
What? What's wrong?
There was a problem.
It's Noor's brother.
- [in Farsi] Where are you?
- [Noor in Farsi] Still at the doctor's.
She's running behind.
Okay, get back now!
What's wrong?
[Haleh] I just spent two hours
being questioned by Javad and his guards
about why that woman at the party
gave me a cell phone.
- Javad has footage of it.
- [Noor] What...
What did you tell him?
[Haleh] The truth. That it was your phone.
He's waiting to speak to you,
but he thinks Bijan and I
were involved too.
They're still questioning Bijan.
Whatever happened, whatever's going on,
you have to tell Javad. Please.
[Noor] It's just a misunderstanding.
- I'll fix it. I promise.
- [Haleh] Good...
- [music fades]
- [Noor sighing]
- You have to tell her the truth.
- [Peter] We don't know how she'd react.
She could run off,
she could tell the mission.
She could destroy the pictures,
then we'd have nothing.
If only you knew what
we were up against with Foxglove.
How can I when you won't tell me?
It doesn't matter.
Sami will tell her when he picks her up.
She'll be safer that way.
At least she'll be out of harm's way.
You mean you won't be the one to tell her?
Peter's right. It's the only way
to protect the investigation and Noor.
- Peter.
- [knocking on door]
We don't have a choice.
[Rose sighing]
Hey. Uh, all good?
- I need to go back to the mission.
- Why? What's going on?
Javad has been questioning Haleh
about the party.
- He suspects she was involved.
- Noor, you cannot go back.
There's a chance they've pieced together
what you've been up to.
You do not wanna take that risk.
I won't let her suffer because of me.
Look, um,
you do what you need to do, okay?
And then just shoot us a text
when you're done,
and we'll come pick you up
and take you someplace safe.
Is everything okay?
[tense music playing]
[Peter] Yeah, it's all good.
The pictures. We need the pictures, Noor.
- Something's going on.
- No, nothing's wrong.
I... I want to talk to Rose. Alone.
Yeah. Of course.
[door opening]
[suspenseful music playing]
What is going on?
What aren't they telling me?
Please, just tell me.
- It's your brother.
- What? What happened?
He... he was, um... injured.
How?
One of the neighbors intervened when
they were leaving and it got physical.
I don't know all the details,
but... [exhaling]
I think he might have broken his arm.
But otherwise, he's okay?
Yeah.
Why wouldn't they say anything?
They're really desperate
for those pictures,
and they weren't sure how you would react.
- They should have said something.
- [Rose] I know.
I'm sorry.
Okay, I have to go now. But...
Um...
[objects rustling]
[Noor] Here's the password.
Thank you for being honest with me.
[Rose's breath shuddering]
[knocking on door]
Hey.
Hope it was worth it.
- Where's Noor?
- She left.
- Where are you going?
- Back to the apartment.
- Solomon Vega's still out there.
- I can't be here. I feel sick.
- Rose--
- Peter, we have work to do.
[Peter exhaling]
What is so urgent?
People violated my residence.
Americans.
Seems they were looking
for the list you sold me.
Sounds like your man
needs to improve his security protocols.
- Who gave you the list?
- We don't give up our sources.
Same as we would never give up our buyers.
[Abbas] But you do trust them, yes?
We do business with them, don't we?
What about these two?
This woman, this man?
Do they look familiar?
No.
I can't say they do.
[indistinct chatter]
[siren wailing in distance]
[in Farsi] He's hiding something.
[in Farsi] He's toying with us.
The documents, where are they now?
They are in a safe place
in my desk in my room.
We should place them in my office safe.
They'll be secure there.
Okay, whatever you’d like.
Good then.
We can stop by your residence on the way.
Of course.
[tense music playing]
[Catherine] Drive's clean.
Moment of truth.
[keyboard clacking]
The DGSE?
What do the French have to do with this?
[keyboard clacking]
- What? What does it say?
- These have nothing to do with Foxglove.
What do you mean?
A list of Iranian dissidents
living in Europe.
Names, addresses, aliases.
Useful for the Iranian government
if they want revenge.
It's completely irrelevant to us.
No, that can't be right.
You're telling me
we wasted three days working for this?
That Noor's brother is dead for nothing?
Okay, Night Actions
are never straightforward.
It'd be unusual
if we didn't hit a dead end.
Means we need to approach this
from a different angle.
But there's still a common link
between Foxglove intelligence and this.
Solomon Vega and the guy who called me.
He seemed like he was running things.
Maybe they were using Foxglove
for their own devices?
He traded it to Iran in exchange for what?
I mean, Warren did say that Solomon
seemed like a middleman, but for who?
[tense music playing]
Maybe Solomon and his boss
are foreign assets on the Iranian payroll.
Right? They find the regime
a do-it-yourself chemical weapons kit
and a list of potential targets.
Maybe that's it.
In any case, it seems like
the only way forward is through Solomon.
Now we have a new point of contact too.
Whoever traded this DGSE intel.
These printouts are in color,
which means that...
- Machine identification code.
- Exactly.
We just have to find a picture
that's close enough.
[keyboard clacking]
[Peter] There you go.
Date, serial number, time.
- It's all right there.
- Yeah, it is.
Alice taught me that.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Guess who taught her?
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Peter chuckling]
[music fades]
[door opening]
[man] Thank you, gentlemen.
If you don't mind, my client and I
have legal issues to discuss with his son.
[guard] Yes, of course.
[door closing]
[chair sliding]
[clearing throat]
Sloane says hello.
Which one was that again?
[Tomás scoffing]
I've traveled a long way to be here today
because I believe
there has been a miscommunication.
Markus.
I know he's family,
but you shouldn't send a jackhammer
to do the work of a scalpel.
His approach is... indelicate.
[man 2] I will take indelicate
over ineffectual.
What have you done besides signing checks
and drinking with old college roommates?
That's not...
[scoffing] I mean...
Elliot was in a position to help.
It's not exactly easy getting clemency
for someone convicted of war crimes.
[man 2] Convicted?
On whose authority?
The United Nations
bends to the will of America.
Funny thing when the devil condemns you
for using his own hellfire.
Their hypocrisy will be exposed
in due time, I promise. But I--
I cannot maneuver properly if you won't
keep your war dog in his cage.
Markus knows his limits. I set them.
Meaning what?
Surely you are not this naive.
No amount of maneuvering
would ever force them to admit the truth.
The plan was never to simply expose
their hypocrisy, was it?
[sinister music playing]
Mm-mm.
You want to make an example
on American soil.
[suspenseful music playing]
Why didn't you tell me?
Because it is your name
on all the accounts filled with my money.
You didn't think I'd release the funds
if you told me the truth?
You always hated hunting
when you were a boy.
You would make
these childish excuses to stay home,
to stay warm, as the men
trudged off into the cold dark.
[suspenseful music continues]
But when we would return home hours later
with a 14-stone boar,
guess who wormed his way to the front
to take a tusk as trophy?
All the glory, none of the blood.
It's my fault.
I indulged your mother
and allowed such weakness to take hold
when you were a pup.
Then I let her send you to England
to be educated
in all the wrong things, apparently.
And now you simply lack
the instinct required
of such an immense sacrifice.
Is that truly what you think?
No, my son, it's what I know.
[suspenseful music swelling]
I am not the boy you once knew.
- Words are hollow things, Tomás.
- [Tomás] Fuck you.
How about those? Do they feel hollow?
Perhaps I'm wrong.
We shall see.
[car horn honking]
[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
[Javad in Farsi] Check the pockets,
inside the lining, all over.
You find anything, tell me immediately.
Noor, you're back.
[Noor in Farsi] Hello.
- Everything okay?
- [Noor] Yes...
I was hoping to talk to you
about something...
Actually,
let's speak in my office.
More privacy.
[suspenseful music playing]
How was the doctor?
[Noor] Wow, took forever.
American healthcare really is dreadful.
But I did get some medicine, thankfully.
That's good.
I wanted to clarify something
from the other night at the party...
The phone Haleh found was mine.
Haleh told me you had questions.
She had nothing to do with it.
It was my mistake. I'm sorry
to have caused any alarm or confusion.
May I?
Noor, nobody was supposed to be upstairs.
[Noor] I know.
It was an emergency.
I had to find a vacant bathroom because...
I had a woman's trouble.
I didn’t want to disrespect the rules.
So I was rushing and forgot my phone.
Did you see anyone else upstairs?
No, I was alone as far as I could tell...
Haleh mentioned
an American woman found your phone.
[Noor] I never saw her.
And I'm certain Haleh
had no business with her, either.
Does Abbas know about any of this?
Not yet.
But...
I'll have to tell him.
He's going to fire me...
I think you're okay.
He has bigger issues to deal with.
Like what to tell the foreign minister
when he asks why an intruder
was snooping around his residence.
Will he get in trouble?
[Javad] Possibly.
But...
Abbas has weathered worse.
What do you mean?
Shirin, his daughter.
You haven't heard?
I know they're estranged,
but what happened?
[Javad] She went to study abroad,
fell in love with a foreigner.
Never came back home to Iran.
Hmm.
[Javad] Then, she fell prey
to Western propaganda,
made false, inflammatory comments
about our country.
She not only disgraced
her nation and her family,
she set her father's career back.
Took him almost a decade to recover.
I'm...
going to keep this, run some scans.
Make sure it's clean.
Thank you.
I think I'll head back,
sleep off this cold.
Let me walk you.
No, that's okay, I...
Please.
[door opening]
[keypad beeping, chiming]
[safe lock clicking]
[lock clicking]
It would be my pleasure.
[train rattling]
Hey, Gretchen,
I'm sorry for the late notice.
I didn't know who else to call.
Glad you reached out.
I was wondering how you'd been.
What's going on?
I know I haven't exactly been open
about everything that happened
after my aunt and uncle
were killed last year, but...
I wanna try.
After the home invasion,
there was this friend
who helped me through it.
He was going through his own shit too,
and I helped him through that.
And for a little while,
it felt like we were a team.
And then he, um... He disappeared.
And we hadn't talked in a while.
He got into some trouble recently,
and... I thought I could help him.
But he's in such a dark place right now,
and I'm worried if I stay here,
I don't know, I... I might be headed back
to that dark place too.
I'm starting to regret coming here.
It... It sounds like
you two bonded over shared trauma.
That makes for a powerful connection,
but not necessarily a healthy one.
How long have you known this guy?
On and off for less than a year.
That's not that long.
I can tell by the way you talk about him
that you care, deeply.
But you have to ask yourself
whether you'll still feel the same way
once the smoke clears.
[contemplative music playing]
Yeah.
I don't know.
[Gretchen] I know how hard it's been
for you to talk about your experience
after the home invasion.
This is a big step forward, Rose.
Thank you for sharing with me.
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music playing]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [music fades]
A glass of Malbec, please.
Whichever one you recommend.
And whatever my friend here is having.
Malbec sounds lovely. Thank you.
[in French] When did you first notice me?
[in French] About a block
after I left the Permanent Mission.
[in English] Does France teach
countersurveillance
to every diplomat
they send to the UN, Ms. Laurent?
[in English] I was on my way
to speak to my Belgian counterpart.
I don't like to miss appointments.
How can I help you, Agent Weaver?
[Catherine] I recently came across
these classified DGSE files
on prominent Iranian dissidents
now living in the European Union.
Where'd you find them?
[Catherine] In Iranian hands,
which is problematic
given their recent spate
of targeted assassinations.
Oui, that is problematic.
I am more than happy to forward them
to my contacts in the DGSE.
Oh, no need. I have friends over there.
I can send them their way
if circumstances call for it.
No, no, no.
I was wondering if you had any idea
as to who leaked the intel.
[Jacqueline chuckling]
I hope you are not
wandering around New York
tailing every French diplomat.
- [both chuckling]
- [Jacqueline] I couldn't tell you.
There's probably a dozen
DGSE undercover agents in town.
Spooks running all over the city
during General Assembly.
You're right. And because of that,
the FBI sends some poor junior agent
to every library,
copy shop, co-work space,
every public-facing color printer they can
find that can print out a sheet of paper.
And on that sheet of paper
are these tiny yellow dots,
which tell the date, time,
and printer serial number.
That agent, that poor agent... [chuckles]
...enters each serial number into a database
with its corresponding location.
All so that when I find these dots
on classified intelligence,
I can track them to a printer
in the back corner
of Frank's Quick Copy on 34th and 2nd.
Now, fortunately for me,
unfortunately for him,
Frank was robbed a month ago.
Put up hidden security cameras
throughout his store
and caught a woman strolling by
two weeks ago at 3:43 p.m.
UN sustainability development officer
and undercover DGSE agent,
Jacqueline Laurent.
You look a little flush, Jacqueline.
Don't worry. Don't worry.
- I'm not looking to expose you.
- What do you want then?
An introduction.
[tense music playing]
[siren wailing in distance]
Noor texted me from her burner.
She's gonna try to get out tonight.
I'm on standby in case she does.
Figured you and Catherine will be pulling
an all-nighter going through the intel.
[Peter] Actually, uh...
[Peter exhaling sharply]
...the intelligence had nothing to do
with Foxglove.
So lying to Noor, her brother dying,
it was all for nothing?
Not for nothing, you know.
Catherine's following up on a lead.
But, yeah, it wasn't the silver bullet
that we'd hoped for.
I know I asked a lot of you, Rose.
I'm... I'm sorry.
I'm not the one you need to apologize to.
I'm doing the best I can.
Tough choices are part of the job.
Your job. That's the difference.
You signed up
to be a night agent, I didn't.
[cell phone vibrating]
It's Catherine.
Right. I know the drill.
[phone continues vibrating]
[tense music playing]
Hey. Did you find Laurent?
[Catherine] More than that.
I got her to play ball.
She claims that she's been selling
state secrets to Solomon Vega for years.
Years?
Never knows where the intelligence goes
or how it's used, though.
- Well, what's she get in return? Cash?
- [Catherine] Sometimes.
Other times, they can do a trade.
Foreign intelligence, top-secret,
case-breaking shit for the DGSE.
And what about Foxglove?
Honestly, she genuinely looked confused
when I mentioned the name.
If this has been going on for years,
maybe Foxglove is just a piece
to a much larger puzzle.
[Catherine] We'll find out soon.
I got her to set up a meeting
with Solomon Vega in two hours.
How's that enough time
to get another agent ready?
- No need. I'm going to the meet.
- You?
[Catherine] We don't have time
to bring someone in,
and I'm the only one he hasn't seen.
I'll go in as a prospective seller.
You follow him and see if he leads us
to anyone higher up the food chain.
How do you know Laurent's
not trying to set a trap?
I don't know,
but I'm willing to roll the dice.
[Peter] Send me the address.
I'll try to set up
what surveillance I can in the area,
but I wanna be on the ground as backup.
Well, we'll need someone
to watch the feeds.
- You and Rose make up yet?
- [Peter] She needs some space.
I can't keep asking her to help me.
Well, it doesn't stop me from asking.
[man] Four more years under the same party
that gave us Ashley Redfield,
that gave us Diane Farr
and all the outrageous things
that came with it.
It's untenable.
The American people deserve to trust
in their institutions again,
and they should be able to sleep soundly
knowing that
there's a firm hand on the wheel.
[anchor] In the most recent debate,
you criticized Governor Hagan
for what you deemed
as a neo-isolationist agenda.
In your opinion, what should the U.S.--
What role should it play abroad?
Between my time
on the Select Committee on Intelligence
and my role
in the previous administration,
the American public knows
where I stand on this.
You cannot lead the world
if you're sitting in the nosebleeds.
Now, Governor Hagan
wants to withdraw from NATO,
stop sharing intelligence with Five Eyes,
uh, defund the United Nations.
Now, maybe that's how
he conducts foreign policy
from his governor's mansion
in Topeka, but--
[TV clicks off]
Our DGSE liaison reached out.
Something new to sell?
Someone.
She's keen to make an intro.
Huh.
Three days after Sutherland's
fishing expedition
at the Iranian ambassador's residence.
Do you believe in coincidence, Solomon?
I know you don't.
- Set it up, then.
- It's already done.
Good man.
[sinister music playing]
[remote clicking]
I would say that the governor has a very
poor understanding of how the world works.
How are the preparations
for tomorrow going?
[Markus] We're on schedule.
[Tomás] Good.
Save me a seat on the truck.
[Markus chuckling]
Really?
- Really.
- [Markus] All right.
But these are my men.
They take orders from me.
[Tomás] Your men?
No. They serve
at the pleasure of my father,
as do you.
- You talked to him?
- [Tomás] I met with him, yes.
I understand the plan now.
And?
And I approve,
without reserve.
- I'm on my way back now.
- We'll be ready by the time you land.
[Tomás] Make sure you are.
[Tomás sighing]
[knocking on door]
Can we talk?
Peter told me where you...
two were staying.
Why are you here, Catherine?
Let me guess.
You need my help with something?
[Catherine] I have a meeting
with Solomon Vega.
Peter's setting up a few cameras
around the meeting location,
and I was hoping you could tap into
some additional security feeds.
- Keep an eye on things.
- No.
[Catherine] Honestly, I thought you'd be
a headache to have around,
but you've been really valuable.
I mean, you must have
some of your aunt in you.
Do not talk about her.
You didn't know her.
No. Jamie Hawkins
would refer to Sidewinder and Gazelle
all the time when he was my case officer.
Where were you last year then?
After they were killed?
When Peter and I were running for
our lives, where was Night Action then?
When Hawkins' body was found
out in the field, we all went dark.
Me and the other case officers.
We didn't know
if we were compromised from within.
So we paused all investigations
to rule everybody out.
It was a scary time.
I didn't know if I could trust people
who were closest to me.
And that's the hardest part of the job,
figuring out who has your back.
And you trust me to have yours?
- I thought I wasn't part of the family.
- [Catherine] I deserve that.
But families grow.
And me reaching out to a civilian
should tell you, of all people,
how desperate I am.
I'm about to walk into a situation
where everyone around me
is probably looking to kill me.
And I'm a little short on friends
at the moment.
Right now, Peter is all I have.
Peter's been enough for me in the past.
You'll be fine.
Well, still, I could really use you.
I do not wanna be put in a position
to hurt more people.
I'm done. I can't do that again.
That's not who I am.
Well, it's reductive to view this job
as right and wrong,
because everything is relative.
Now, what I can tell you
is that a good agent knows
the consequences of their actions,
and a bad agent stops caring about them.
And for what it's worth,
it sounded like
your aunt and uncle were great agents.
And Peter?
To be determined.
It's still the beginning for him
in all of this.
But what I can tell you
is that he is better with you by his side.
[contemplative music playing]
[Rose sighing]
Fine.
But no more keeping me in the dark.
If you want my help,
I want to know everything.
I figured as much,
so I spoke with Deputy Director Mosley,
and he has granted emergency clearance
to read you in on Foxglove.
What is it?
[suspenseful music playing]
- [knocking on door]
- [Noor gasping]
[in Farsi] Who is it?
[knocking on door]
[in Farsi] Noor,
I need you to come with me.
Right now.
What for?
Please.
So you know, you try to fuck me on this,
I've instructed a copy of the intel
and the security footage
to be sent to your superiors.
Understood?
You're nervous.
[indistinct chatter]
I'm fine.
Get it out now.
He might not look it, but he's cunning.
He'll notice.
I looked you up.
Moved to France when you were 12,
worked for your adoptive country
right after university.
Diplomatic postings
in Tunis, Baghdad, Mosul.
Seems like at one point
you may have actually loved your job.
You want to know why, is that it?
February 2015,
I was called back to the home office
and I was told that I had served
my country admirably in the field,
merci,
but that this portion
of my career was over.
Never mind that I had just helped
stop a civil war in Cameroon.
The impact of my entire career
came down to one number.
My age.
Three years I wasted away behind a desk.
And then a man approached me
with intelligence
desperately needed by the DGSE.
And in exchange,
I gave him some information
so inconsequential, I can't even remember.
And after that, the home office decided
that I had left some life in me after all.
It is not that I don't love
my job anymore.
I love it too much.
[chuckles softly]
As I suspect you do too.
[car horns honking]
[Abbas] Mm-hmm.
[in Farsi] Yes, then keep me updated.
Thank you.
Noor,
sit, please.
[tense music playing]
[Abbas groaning, sighing]
Sit.
When's the last time
you spoke with your family?
[in Farsi] A couple of days ago.
Why?
[Abbas] Police in Isfahan received reports
of a disturbance at your house.
I don't know how to say this,
but it seems like...
your mother is missing.
Missing?
What do you mean? What happened?
Police are still investigating.
[music fades]
And my brother?
[Abbas] The case is still evolving.
But a body was found on a road
several miles from your home.
A body?
What do you mean?
I don't understand.
Please tell me what happened.
[Abbas] I'm really sorry, Noor...
but I need you to
identify the person in this photo.
[Noor gasping]
No.
No, it's not possible.
No, it can't be... It can't be...
No, it's impossible. It's just impossible.
Impossible.
- Listen, we don't exactly--
- No, that's impossible, impossible.
No.
[somber music playing]
[Noor breathing heavily]
[Abbas exhaling]
[Abbas sighing]
[tense music playing]
[siren wailing in distance]
[Peter] I have a visual.
Me too. Catch the door code?
[Peter] Yeah. Yeah, I got it.
[door closing]
[Peter] I think I see the apartment.
On the third floor, southwest corner,
just like Laurent said.
Can't see inside, though, from here.
- Can you?
- [Rose] No.
But I only have two views of the place.
Got as close as I could
without tipping them off.
Let me know if you see anything, okay?
Movement, lights, any sign of life.
The rest of the building
looks pretty dead to me.
Wouldn't be surprised if they owned this
for meets like this.
Takes some pretty serious cash to do that.
[Jacqueline] You don't think I'd suddenly
be armed after all this time, do you?
Can't always trust new friends.
[kissing]
- No offense.
- None taken.
They're clean.
- Elizabeth, nice to meet you.
- Likewise.
Come with me.
[suspenseful music swelling]
You have company out front.
[Peter] Keep an eye on 'em.
I'll give it a minute.
I'm gonna head west
to the building above the coffee shop.
Get a different angle on things.
Wait, they're moving
towards your building.
- What are they doing?
- Just patrolling.
Caught 'em
on the coffee shop security cam.
- Heading towards 167th.
- Once they're clear, I'll head down.
You should've seen the way
she handled herself in Baghdad.
No walk in the park for a young woman.
You're giving me too much credit.
Those Raytheon guys were assholes.
Somebody had to put them in their place.
Still, was a nice surprise
to run into her after all these years,
and doing quite well for herself.
- Not well enough.
- [Solomon] Is that what brings you to me?
Supplemental income?
Jacqueline tells me you buy information.
Did she? What else did she tell you?
You can smell bullshit a mile away,
and I need to keep my ass at home
unless... I'm being serious.
[Solomon] Well that's good advice.
Let's see if we'd be a good fit.
[suspenseful music swelling]
Shit. Rose, I can't see anything.
I gotta change position.
- You have an update on Solomon's team?
- [Rose] Wait.
- I lost one.
- Well, where are they?
One of the guys doubled back.
The alley of the northwest corner
of the building where you came in.
Okay, I'm gonna head south.
See if I can get down
to a different building.
Peter, head east.
- What?
- Just trust me. Head east.
Okay.
[inaudible]
Come on.
[cell phone vibrating]
- What's going on?
- Don't say anything.
I don't know how,
but they're listening to our comms.
- Okay, I'm muted. Are you sure?
- [Rose] They're all around the building.
Every time you change direction,
so do they.
They're listening to us.
They know we're here.
Catherine.
Heading up capability development,
the contracts put me in close proximity
to a lot of difficult-to-procure
information.
That's it?
Lots of DoD contractors
carry top-secret clearance.
What makes your... access so special?
[Catherine] This would be
our newest contract.
Cyber division for the NSA
on the front lines of network security
for the federal government.
And just like that,
you're ready to sell out your country?
If the price is right.
Go handle it.
So...
can we do business?
I don't have any of them anywhere.
I... I can't even tell you where to go.
[Peter] I'll figure something out.
We gotta draw them away.
Clear a path so I can get to Catherine.
Okay. Be careful.
Going comms on.
[suspenseful music swelling]
Wait, I think I see some movement
on the fourth floor.
There's an empty apartment
on the northeast corner.
[Peter] I'll head down,
see if I can get a better view.
We know he's somewhere in the building.
We need to start from the roof
and make our way down.
We need someone to cover the south side.
Roger. I'll scan the roof and head down.
[Solomon] It's risky, isn't it?
To jeopardize our relationship
for a friend?
How do you mean?
[Solomon] If I moved forward
with Elizabeth and it doesn't work out,
that would likely put an end
to our arrangement.
I trust that you will be
satisfied with her.
As satisfied as you have been with me.
Can I have a word? In private.
You know, in this line of work,
what we need, what we value,
are reliable sources.
People we know we can trust
to deliver what they say they can deliver.
It's why we take our time
vetting our sources,
cultivate assets we can trust.
And why in all my years of doing this,
never once has a source
ever referred us to someone else.
That's the problem with New York.
There's too many rats.
No!
[body thudding]
No, no, no. Sit.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Solomon] Relax.
You... are gonna tell me
everything you know about Peter Sutherland
and exactly what Night Action is.
[Rose] You have another one coming
towards the south side of the building.
Copy that.
[panting] I'm almost there.
[AC unit creaking]
You gotta be kidding me.
Yeah, I looked everywhere. He's not here.
Basement, roof, none of it.
- We'll have to check every room.
- I'm gonna kill that son of a bitch.
[AC unit snapping]
[man] We got eyes on.
Sutherland!
[Peter] They're on my six!
[intense music playing]
[lock clicking]
[banging on door]
- [Rose] Peter?
- [Peter] Found a way out of the basement.
- Where should I go?
- Can you make it to Amsterdam Avenue?
There's a bus leaving now.
It's heading west.
- [Peter] I'm on my way.
- [man] Back out front!
- Shit.
- [Rose] Did you make it to the bus?
- Barely. Am I clear?
- [Rose] Yeah.
Seven stops. I'll pick you up.
We'll keep on it as long as we can.
Grab some wheels.
- [Peter] Hey.
- They're gone.
[Rose] Now you're in the clear.
Be fast. Doubt you have more than
five minutes before they realize.
I'll figure it out.
- Where is Peter?
- I don't know who Peter Sutherland is.
- You don't know who that is?
- [Catherine] No.
[keypad beeping]
[exhaling] Hurry.
I swear I don't know
what you're talking about.
I don't even know
what I can say to convince you.
[Solomon] Well, maybe, if I get a towel
and a bucket of water, I'll convince you.
[floor creaking]
[gun firing]
[Catherine grunting]
[Solomon groaning]
[Solomon cackling]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]
[ending theme music ends]